backup and restore: add warning not to use snapshots (#1705)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/backup-restore-and-disaster-recovery/back-up-restore-usage-guide.md

  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/backup-restore-and-disaster-recovery/back-up-restore-usage-guide"/>
</head>

:::caution

If the local cluster fails, you might need to restore Rancher to a previous version.

You can restore Rancher using two supported methods: cluster Datastore Restores (available for [k3s](https://docs.k3s.io/datastore/backup-restore) and [RKE2](https://docs.rke2.io/datastore/backup_restore) distributions) and Rancher's Backup, as described on this page.

> Datastore Restores are suitable when no changes have been made to downstream (managed) clusters since the snapshot. For example, if a local cluster change causes an outage after a snapshot, use Datastore Restore.
> 
> However, if you take a Datastore snapshot and then upgrade a downstream cluster's Kubernetes version, a Datastore Restore will revert the downstream cluster's Kubernetes version in the datastore, creating a version mismatch between data in the local cluster and the actual downstream cluster nodes.
> Rancher will then attempt to reconcile the versions, potentially causing unexpected behavior and data loss.
> Similarly, if you take a Datastore snapshot, rotate nodes in a Rancher-provisioned downstream cluster, and then restore from the snapshot, the rotated nodes may become orphaned, possibly making the cluster inoperable. *Recovery from these scenarios is not supported*.

Author: @mallardduck @inichols 

How about the following?

```suggestion
Both methods are suitable when no changes have been made to downstream (managed) clusters since the last snapshot or backup. For example, if a local cluster change such as a version upgrade causes an outage, either a Datastore Restore or a Rancher's backup restore can be used.

However, if you take a snapshot or backup and then upgrade a downstream cluster's Kubernetes version, a subsequent restore will revert the downstream cluster's Kubernetes version in the datastore, creating a version mismatch between data in the local cluster and the actual downstream cluster nodes.
Rancher will then attempt to reconcile the versions, potentially causing unexpected behavior and data loss. Similar considerations apply to other changes to downstream clusters. *Recovery from these scenarios is not supported*.

Rancher's backups are more flexible in those cases, as they allow to selectively restore information from a backup, for example excluding clusters that have been changed since the last backup for manual later recovery.
```
